Add link to examples repo on JWT and SAML authentication (#14890)
metabase/metabase: docs/enterprise-guide/authenticating-with-saml.md

When users log in to Metabase for the first time via SSO, this will automatically create a Metabase account for them, which will trigger an email notification to Metabase administrators. If you don't want these notifications to be sent, you can turn this toggle off at the bottom of the Authentication page.

> ### Examples
> 
> You can find examples about SAML Authentication in the [SSO examples repository](https://github.com/metabase/sso-examples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example code using SAML

You can find example code that uses SAML authentication in the [SSO examples repository](https://github.com/metabase/sso-examples).
```
